This directory contains the following files (in addition to others):

README:       this file
b12.dat:      trip to B12 in one step *
b12t0.dat:    trip to b12 in one step, at time 0 *
bm.dat:       trip to Black Mountain, in 90 steps *
data.dat:     the data file
data.f:       a program that writes the data file
np.dat:       a trip to the north pole in 15 steps *
sp.dat:       a trip to the South Pole in 15 steps *
o.dat:        a trip to the point O in 9 steps *
receiver:     executable of my own receiver
satellite:    executable of my own satellite
seed.dat:     used by my satellite for random number generation
vehicle:      executable of my vehicle

Note: The executables run on our Sparc stations.  You can use these
machines over the network.  Let me know if you need an account.  Use
the command
		      ssh xserver.math.utah.edu.

If for some reason you are unable to use them let me know.  I may be
able to generate executables for your preferred machine.

You can give commands like

cat bm.dat | vehicle | satellite | receiver    (**)

This will create a file {\tt vehicle.dat} which should be identical to
the output generated by the receiver (except for the time
discrepancy).  It should also generate files "satellite.log" and
"receiver.log".  You may want to look at some of these.

The file 'bm.dat' in the command (**) can be replaced by any of the
above data files marked with an asterisk *.  You can also create your
own data files.  They have the following contents:

- beginning time
- ending time
- number of steps of trip
- degrees lattitude 
- minutes lattidude
- seconds lattidude 
- hemisphere (1 if Northern, -1 if Southern)
- degrees longitude 
- minutes longitude
- seconds longitude
- hemisphere (1 if Eastern, -1 if Western)

This will generate a trip to the given position in the given number of
steps, starting at the lamp post B12.

Any of the three programs, vehicle, satellite, receiver, could be
replaced by your own version.

To use these files first copy them into your own directory.

